Observability as code (#376)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: observability/readme.md

## Sections

- [Pillars of Observability](#pillars-of-observability)

> - [Observability in Machine Learning](observability/ml-observability.md)

Reviewer: Maybe I'm misunderstanding so correct me if I'm wrong - this link wasn't broken, but with the new change it gives me a 404.

Read on how Observability can be implemented in [Machine Learning](observability/ml-observability.md) engagements effectively during Model tuning, experimentation and deployment.

## Observability As Code

As much as possible, configuration and management of observability assets such as cloud resource provisioning, monitoring alerts and dashboards must be managed as code. Infrastructure as Code is acheived using any one of Terraform / Ansible / ARM Templates

### Why

> * Repeatable and automatable, avoids manual configuration of monitoring alerts and dashboards from scratch across environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* It makes configuration repeatable and automatable, and avoids manual configuration of monitoring alerts and dashboards from scratch across environments.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: addressed in the check-in

> * Configured dashboards help troubleshoot errors during integration and deployment (CI/CD)

Reviewer 2: Why is this better with Observability as code than manually configured observability?

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> * Audit changes and makes it possible to roll-back if there are any issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We can audit changes and roll them back if there are any issues.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> * Identify actionable insights from the generated metrics data across all environments, not just production.

Reviewer 2: Why is this better with observability as code rather than manual configuration?

Read on how Observability can be implemented in [Machine Learning](ml-observability.md) engagements effectively during Model tuning, experimentation and deployment.

## Observability As Code

> As much as possible, configuration and management of observability assets such as cloud resource provisioning, monitoring alerts and dashboards must be managed as code. Infrastructure as Code is acheived using any one of Terraform / Ansible / ARM Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As much as possible, configuration and management of observability assets such as cloud resource provisioning, monitoring alerts and dashboards must be managed as code. Infrastructure as Code is achieved using any one of Terraform / Ansible / ARM Templates
```

> As much as possible, configuration and management of observability assets such as cloud resource provisioning, monitoring alerts and dashboards must be managed as code. Infrastructure as Code is acheived using any one of Terraform / Ansible / ARM Templates

Reviewer: Infrastructure as code or observability as code? IaC now comes a bit out of the blue for me.
